README.md, before:

# I18n Translator

- [I18n Translator](#i18n-translator)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Technologies](#technologies)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Test Generation](#test-generation)
  - [Debugging](#debugging)

## Introduction

I18n Translator is a tool for translating your application into different languages. It is connected to my [i18n repository](https://github.com/mgonzalezg9/TranslatorScraper). However you can use the translation service you prefer, simply change `src/api/service.ts` calls to fit the Backend specifications.

## Installation

```bash
npm install
```

## Technologies

- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/es/docs/intro)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [ts-node](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ts-node)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

## Usage

Create a `.env` file with a content like the following:

```env
TRANSLATOR_URL = YOUR_TRANSLATOR_API_URL
TO = YOUR_TARGET_LANGUAGE
FROM = YOUR_SOURCE_LANGUAGE
INPUT_FILE = YOUR_INPUT_FILE
OUTPUT_FILE = YOUR_OUTPUT_FILE
MAX_QUERIES_PER_LEVEL = MAXIMUM_NO_OF_QUERIES # Can be omitted, by default is 5
```

Example:

```env
TRANSLATOR_URL = "http://localhost:3000"
TO = "en"
FROM = "es"
INPUT_FILE = "../test/test.json"
OUTPUT_FILE = "./test/out.json"
MAX_QUERIES_PER_LEVEL = 2
```

Feel free of running the app using `npm start`.

## Test Generation

You can generate a test file using the `npm run test:generate` command. Be sure of having the following keys added to your environment variables:

```env
TEST_FILE = THE_LOCATION_WHERE_YOUR_TEST_FILE_WILL_BE_PLACED
TEST_KEYS = NO_OF_JSON_TEST_KEYS
TEST_TEXT = YOUR_TEST_TO_TRANSLATE_TESTING
```

Example:

```env
TEST_FILE = "./test/test.json"
TEST_KEYS = 15
TEST_TEXT = "Hola mundo"
```

## Debugging

VS Code debugging is available through `.vscode/launch.json` file. This file requires ts-node to be either installed locally or globally with the module linked to this project. In order to link ts-node, you can run `npm link ts-node`.

Commit message:

Set all routes as relative to project root

README.md, after:

# I18n Translator

- [I18n Translator](#i18n-translator)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Technologies](#technologies)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Test Generation](#test-generation)
  - [Debugging](#debugging)

## Introduction

I18n Translator is a tool for translating your application into different languages. It is connected to my [i18n repository](https://github.com/mgonzalezg9/TranslatorScraper). However you can use the translation service you prefer, simply change `src/api/service.ts` calls to fit the Backend specifications.

## Installation

```bash
npm install
```

## Technologies

- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/es/docs/intro)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [ts-node](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ts-node)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

## Usage

Create a `.env` file with a content like the following:

```env
TRANSLATOR_URL = YOUR_TRANSLATOR_API_URL
TO = YOUR_TARGET_LANGUAGE
FROM = YOUR_SOURCE_LANGUAGE
INPUT_FILE = YOUR_INPUT_FILE
OUTPUT_FILE = YOUR_OUTPUT_FILE
MAX_QUERIES_PER_LEVEL = MAXIMUM_NO_OF_QUERIES # Can be omitted, by default is 5
```

Notice all the paths are relative to the root of the project. 
For example:

```env
TRANSLATOR_URL = "http://localhost:3000"
TO = "en"
FROM = "es"
INPUT_FILE = "./test/test.json"
OUTPUT_FILE = "./test/out.json"
MAX_QUERIES_PER_LEVEL = 2
```

Feel free of running the app using `npm start`.

## Test Generation

You can generate a test file using the `npm run test:generate` command. Be sure of having the following keys added to your environment variables:

```env
TEST_FILE = THE_LOCATION_WHERE_YOUR_TEST_FILE_WILL_BE_PLACED
TEST_KEYS = NO_OF_JSON_TEST_KEYS
TEST_TEXT = YOUR_TEST_TO_TRANSLATE_TESTING
```

Example:

```env
TEST_FILE = "./test/test.json"
TEST_KEYS = 15
TEST_TEXT = "Hola mundo"
```

## Debugging

VS Code debugging is available through `.vscode/launch.json` file. This file requires ts-node to be either installed locally or globally with the module linked to this project. In order to link ts-node, you can run `npm link ts-node`.
